Congratulations!
You're actually learning quite a lot.
Although things might still
seem a little intimidating.
You now have a new found power
where you can create websites
you can put them online.
Now there's still lots to learn
but one of the neat things about
knowing how much we know now
is that you can leverage
other people's templates.
Now what does that mean?
It means that unlike the startup
landing page that we just created
you don't have to create
everything from scratch.
As a matter of fact if you
Google free HTML5 templates
or free HTML CSS templates there's a ton
of free resources online that you can use.
Now after this lesson I'm going to link
to some of my favorite free resources.
But one of them is "mashup template".
Here you can actually use a bunch
of free templates for yourself.
And if I let's say go to "Complex"
here or no let's do "factory"
I can actually download
the files here as HTML.
And check this out!
If I now open this
I now have these files and there's a
lot of files that we still don't know.
There's some JavaScript here
that we haven't talked about yet
and we'll cover these in later lessons.
But the thing here is that
you know about HTML and CSS.
So now if you actually
double click on this HTML
you have a website that you can
use and customize to your liking
and this website is free for you to use.
You can now change the background image.
You can change what the button does.
You can do different things
and you can customize it just like
we have with a startup landing page.
But to your own liking by just changing the
HTML and CSS files which we have right here.
This is the power of the web.
The Web allows programmers
to share pieces of code
so that we don't have to constantly
reinvent things from scratch.
Just like Bootstrap allowed
us to do things easily
in terms of layout, templates allow us to
create websites instead of from scratch
we get to start with a basic template.
Now I want you to try building
your own startup landing page.
Up until now I've shown you step by step
but you have the power to create
something custom to your liking.
You can use something
like "mashup templates"
or you can elaborate on
the current startup page.
You have the power to do it.
And although it may seem a little bit
hard right now we're still starting off.
It's good for you to get that
practice of doing things on your own.
Experimenting on your own.
And even if you fail even if it takes you
hours to just center a text or a button
it's going to be good
practice in the long run.
So give it a go.
Create your own custom
startup landing page.
And if you're done go share
it in our Discord server.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.